Hi, this is Scott. I
really appreciate our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
Today's show is sponsored by
Tellerik create compelling app experiences
across any screen with the
Tellerik platform Telerx end to
end platform. Uniquely combines industry
leading UI tools with cloud
services to simplify the entire
app development cycle Tellerik offers
everything.net developers need to build
quality apps faster. Try it
free at tellerik.com/platform that's tellerik.com/platform
from hanselminutes.com. It's Hanselman. That's
our weekly discussion with web
developer and technologist and Scott
Hanselman. This is Lawrence Ryan announcing
the show number four 85.
In this episode, Scott talks
with Matt Johnson about time.
Hi, this is Scott Hanselman.
This is another episode of
Hansel minutes, and today is
all about time. And I'm
talking with Matt Johnson and
you're up actually in a
very nice studio. You're one
of the few guests I've
had on who has a
nice studio setup. You borrowed
one from channel nine. Yeah,
I'm enjoying the environment here.
They've got a great mic
setup and a good soundproofing
and it's on campus, so
it's awesome. Cool. I appreciate
that. So time you work
on a note, a time
with John skeet, John skeet,
I've had him on the
show a number of times,
and I've talked to him
a number of times. And
would you describe noted time
as being a, is it
a vote of no confidence
against system.date time and the
things around it, or is
it just an improvement on
it? I don't think so.
I think the general idea
is that there are patterns
for the domain of date
and time. I like thinking
about date and time as
a domain problem. Not necessarily
just as data types. Sometimes
they get mixed in with
data types, like, like intern
bullying and so forth. But
really when you think about
how a date relates to
a time relates to a
time and a specific location
relates to an instantaneous point
in time, those things do
make up somewhat of a
complex domain and no time
models that domain exactly as
the domain exists in, in
the natural world where a
system date time is more
of a, you know, some,
some things put into the
framework that help you interact
with that, but you kind
of have to bring that
on your own understanding of
that model. Okay. So it's
about the clarity and the
completeness of the model, which
that completeness doesn't exist kind
of out of the box.
It really doesn't like for
example, one of the first
things we see with eight
time and.net is the system
that daytime class, which is
supposed to be by design
a multipurpose type. It is
a, a date or a
time or a time and
a date or a time
and a date and a
specific location. And, you know,
if you get into software
practices and single responsibility principles,
there's several violations of that,
just in the nature of
that. And is this, do
you think that this is
a mistake, is there is
note a time something that
should have been come up
that the dotnet team should
have come up with or
is this just a matter
of completeness and, you know,
balancing being complete with things
it's a little bit of
both. Some, There are some
things in there that I
would say is a mistake.
There are things like the
daytime kind enumeration that make
working with that class a
little bit tricky. Some of
those things were improved in
the dinette framework with the
daytime offset type. But I
think having the more completeness
as is exactly what the
project's about, it's also about
testability being able to stub
out things like the current
moment in time being able
to interact naturally with other
types of time zones. I'm
not sure if you're aware,
but there, there really are
only two time zone data
sets used in, in modern
computing. One is from Microsoft
and use with times on
info and, and the windows
platform. And the other is
from an open source project
called the T's EDB, which
is now kind of curated
by a Diana, which is
the same group that we
get our IP addresses. Yeah.
I had a lot of
trouble with Clemons Vassar's and
I, when we were working
on DAS blog, somewhere around
2003, we ended up getting
a time zone database and
putting it into the registry
because there was just, there
was just nowhere to find
this information and we needed
a database just as, before
Jason. And it was either
XML files on disc or
registry based stuff. It was
quite a mess. Exactly. And
that's kind of what times
on info does today, is
it, it pulls the data
out of the registry and
it relies on the windows
operating system to provide that
data. Why do you think
it's about the, and I
don't mean to keep picking
on system.date time, but it
is 2015. And when the
date time handling stuff, when
all of that, when this
isn't a daytime type and
with the methods were done
for.net, this was 2002, you
know, is, is there a,
is there a maturity, was
it 13 years that was
required? Or is this just
a matter of what ships
with.net is fine for most
people, but when you start
getting into any kind of
edge cases, you need to
go in and get a
better, a better domain. I
think The original design had
the constraints of that time.
Period. Most people were designing
for local computers on local
desktops, and weren't really thinking
about, you know, how they're
going to interact with people
on the other side of
the world on a regular
basis. We didn't have internet
of things, scenarios and cloud
applications and, and all of
these modern interconnected systems that
we have today. And if
we did the people that
were worried about time in
those domains could kind of
specialize in that. But I
think nowadays time is kind
introduced into almost every problem
that has to do with,
with business or, you know,
anything that's non-trivial has some
element of time to it.
And I think having something
built in it would be
nice. And there are some
improvements happening in an area
I'm helping out a little
bit with the, the core.net
core team. We're doing some
work on the system that
daytime improvements. We've actually got
some stuff going into a
project on GitHub called core
effects lab, and a couple
of things we're introducing, for
example, as, as prototypes would
be a date type, it's
just a date. That's not
a date and time. It's
just a date. Cause there
are a lot of business
cases for just the date.
Yeah. I know. I spend
a lot of time just
carrying date times around at
midnight. And then I have
to say, well, this is
really mean midnight or does
this mean an actual date
by itself? Exactly. And if
you consider that midnight doesn't
exist on every local day,
then your mind just kind
of blows up. For example,
wait a second. What? Yeah.
So, so daylight saving time
is a really interesting problem
with, with date and time,
you know, different parts of
the world in our use
daylight saving time, or don't
use daylight saving time when
they do use it. They
use it with different starting
times, different ending times, different
times of day. And a
really great example is Brazil.
So when Brazil switches for
daylight saving time, they do
it right at the stroke
of midnight. So the clocks
there go from 1159, 59
to 1:00 AM. So there is
no midnight on the day
of the spring forward transition,
which happens in November, by
the way, not in March.
Well, I just assumed that
everyone did at 2:00 AM on
a Sunday. Yeah. That's just
the United States. And actually that
brings up another interesting point
is that when, when we
do the like saving time
in United States, we do it
at 2:00 AM, but we do
it in 2:00 AM, local time
for each time zone separately.
So it's like an accordion
effect. It starts at the
East coast and works its
way to the West coast.
But in Europe they do
it at 1:00 AM UTC. So
the entire European union that
follows that set of rules
transitions at the exact same
moment. So somebody ever asks
you like how many hours
are there between New York and
LA? The answer is, well,
it depends usually three, but
sometimes two, sometimes four. And
that can't be said for
like the one hour difference
between London and Paris. For
example, it's such a, it's
such a rabbit hole to
go down. There is still
today. I use DAS blog
as the example, because the
two major projects that I've
worked on that deal with
daytime was the banking system
that I worked on before
I went to work at
Microsoft and, and DAS blog,
DAS blog to this day
is broken when we fall
back because there's an hour
there where it knows that
it was the future for
a minute and then suddenly
it's not the future anymore.
You know what I mean?
Like it knew that somehow
I have to look into
the details, but basically it
knew that we just backed
up. So for an hour,
every, every year there's a
blue is a yellow screen
of death on my blog,
but it happens at 2:00 AM.
So I don't really sweat
it yeah. Happens between the
hour, the hour between one
and two. And it happens
twice, at least in the
United States. Yeah. But, but that
has been a huge problem
for, for, for me because
everything else works. I just
don't want to anger it
by. Cause I know that
if I try to fix
that bug, it's gonna get
even worse. So one of
the ways that that that
happens in websites is by
people, the developers relying on
times on settings, on the
server, which in my view
is an anti-pattern. You really
should never call daytime.now from
a web application or from
a server application. And you,
you really shouldn't rely on
the times under the server
to be anything in particular,
because you might pick up
that server and move it.
You might have an administrator
go in and change it.
And that's happened on an,
on some pretty large notable
websites, not just smaller projects.
Why, you know, that's a,
that's a really powerful thing.
We should say that again.
You're saying that if your
application relies on the server
being set on a certain
time zone, you're doing it
Wrong. Exactly. He really should
rely only on the service
clock being synchronized and, you
know, make sure you follow
the best practices from a,
an it perspective to have
those clocks synchronized. But the
server should only ask the
clock for a UTC time.
If it's going to need
a local time, it should
know what time zone it
needs to project that into.
And that should come from
the application domain. If you
have a screen somewhere where
the user picks their time
zone, then that's what you
should use. So those, those
understandings of time zones and
what they want, those are
offsets to UTC that you're
storing in your own applications
database, Right? And it's when
you do that, it's important
to store the identifier the
time zone, not just the
offset. I answer a lot
of questions on stack overflow
actually. And I would say
about a third of them
are simply not understanding that
a time zone is not
the same as an offset.
And, and the Pacific time
zone that we're in here
at Microsoft is a good
example of that right now,
where at UTC minus seven,
because daylight saving time is
in effect. But most of
the time we're in UTC
minus eight. So you can't
just take one number and
put it in the database
and say, that's the user's
time zone. But then that
mean that I also can't
what do I put in
the database? Because there's P
D T Pacific daylight time.
And then there's P S
T Pacific standard time. If
I put one of those
in the database, it doesn't
mean something. Yeah, you really
shouldn't put an abbreviation. There
there's too many that are
ambiguous. Like central standard time
is often CST, but CST
could also be China standard
time or Cuba standard time,
or, you know, there's, there's
five of them actually could
be Australian central state. So
do I need to have,
is, is the good, is
the, you know, the unique
ID and a full on
English string. Yeah. So there's,
so that's when you get
into the two different types
of times zones, you have
the ones coming from my
Ana that actually have standardized
names. The Pacific time zone
would be represented by a
location identifier like America slash
Los Angeles. And that is
an exact, that is an
identifier. And you could put
that in your database. If
you're using Dutton it's times
on info with windows times
zones, you actually store the
string Pacific standard time. But
it's important to realize that
it doesn't just mean standard
time. It really means specific
time. And that particular string
doesn't get localized. It doesn't
get changed in different languages.
It's just an identifier to
represent that time zone. Okay.
So the string would be
unique. It might say semantically,
it might, it might appear
to say Pacific standard time,
but it's really just a,
an identifier that I would
then pass into my library
at a time. And then
it would tell me what
the actual time Exactly. As
soon as you apply that
time zone to a particular
moment in time, a particular
UTC moment, then you can
determine whether it's specific or
daylight or Pacific standard. And,
and some of those IDs,
especially on the windows side
are really confusing. So I
tried to pick not to
read too much into it.
Like there's, there's one that's
w dot European standard time.
And that is actually not
Western European time. All those
ones are in central European
time. And then there's like
three different versions of Arab
standard time Arabia, standard time
or Arabian standard time. There's,
there's three different spellings and
they're there in three completely
different parts of the world.
So they are in fact
different. They are different and
they are unique strings. And
the point is just to
not read too much into
the IDs, other than just
know that they represent an
entry in the windows registry.
There have been times in
the past where I have
had to be on calls
and try to debug things.
And the result was that,
you know, the Bangkok servers
time zone got reset and
someone had the remote desktop
into the server and they'll
check the control panel and
switch time zones. You know,
this was 12 years ago,
but I'm ashamed to say
it, you know, I am
very sure that there are
people who are listening right
now, who would say that,
Oh yeah, we definitely know
that the expense reporting server
has to be on New York
time or everything goes to
heck, Right? That's a, that's
a smell of an older
era. And I would say
that if you have that
smell, you should probably hit
it face on, you know,
there is a best practice
to say, well, servers should
be set to UTC. And
that happens in the cloud.
Anything you run in Azure
or an AWS is running
under UTC, but you shouldn't
rely on that. Really. You
should be able to have
your server set to anything
you want to, because it's
really just about what displays
on the local clock, Right?
Cause you say daytime dot
UTC. Now, no matter what
time your PC is on,
as if it's appropriately synchronized,
you will get UTC, right?
And if you use, if
you need that local time
and that there are centers
where you need that local
time, the best thing to
do is use the date
time offset type. So you
can say daytime offset.now. And
instead of just getting the
local time, you get the
local time and you get
its relation to UTC, is
that particular offset for that
particular moment in time. So
that gives you the best
of both. Best of both
worlds, like for example, in
IOT scenarios, if you are
recording temperatures and you need
to know that something is
colder in the morning or
hotter in the afternoon that
morning or afternoon is very
depend on that local time
zone. So it makes sense
to record the local time
and it's offset. If you
don't record the offset, you
can't get back to a
specific moment in time. And
that makes it really difficult
to correlate logs and, you
know, group things and, and
all kinds of other wild
stuff that happens if you,
if you don't know what
time zone it's in, Does
that mean as I start
persisting these things, putting them
in databases or throwing them
around. And Jason, does that
mean that one daytime is
really multiple types? Like there's
the daytime. And then there's
the offset, which is the
second column. Yeah. Well, there's,
there's some databases that support
it naturally like SQL server
actually does have a daytime
offset type as a single
field. Other databases have something
called a time zone or
sorry, they call it a
timestamp with time zone or
timestamp, TZ type. Not everything
has that though. So sometimes
you do have to store
it in two fields. As
far as Jason, Jason actually
doesn't have a date format.
And it's spec like XML,
for example, requires that you
use the ISO 86 Oh
one specification, Jason recommends these,
the ISO 86 11 specifications,
or actually the spec doesn't
say anything about it at
all, but that's the general
best practice, but people have
done interesting things in the
past, you know, in the
past things like data contract,
Jason sterilizer kind of invented
their own format with some
weird slashes. I think you
have a blog post about
that. And, you know, we
try to discourage people from
using that particular format anymore.
There's a lot of, I
think maybe about, I think
when rails came out, a
lot of people started seeing
times that would say a
moment ago or an hour
in the PA, you know,
when did that start and
is that just an aesthetic
choice or It's actually a
really good UX solution to
the time zone problem I'm
thinking about, you know, do
I really want to relate
to people a specific moment
in time and have to
explain time zones to them?
Or do I just want
to let them get, have
some sense of understanding how
much duration has passed since
I posted something on a
website and I encourage that
you do that. There's a
really great library for JavaScript
that does this called moment
dot JS. I'm a contributor
on that library as well.
And it's, it's a free
open source project. We're taking
a poll requests and interacting
with community and, and it
does have a feature for
exactly that for producing a
string like three moments ago
or last week or whatever
it definitely yeah. Adds a
human touch. I've always impressed.
It's such an easy thing
to add, but getting time
right. And doing it in
a human way, adds a
lot. And when you do
that, you really only have
to be concerned with UTC.
You don't have to worry
about, well, what's the user's
time zone and how does
that relate to my time
zone or any of that?
If you know, the UTC
moment that something happened, you
can tell how long ago
that was, no matter where
in the world you are,
Have you always been obsessed
with time or are you
just, is this just a
problem domain that you got
into? Like, how does this,
how did this start for
you? It's a really interesting
story. So yeah, originally I
think I was kind of
naive about time. Like I
th I think the vast
majority of developers are, it's
a really easy thing to
be naive about because as
humans, we, you know, we
grew up learning in preschool
about how the clocks work,
and we kind of think
we know this dummy and
it's not until you get
into computing that you, you
realize there's more to it.
But for me, it happened
because I worked for a
company that built a timekeeping
systems for employees, time and
attendance system. So when it
comes to work and they
clock in and they clock
out, which sounds like you
don't have to deal with
that with time too much
until you consider businesses that
stay open late in the
evening, this might be open
across the daylight, saving time
transition or employees that are
mobile, for example, a trucker
that might clock in, in
one time zone and clock
out and other. So I
started kind of going deep
on the domain of time
after running into those problems.
And I kind of found
the solutions widely applicable to,
to many domains And that
this wasn't like you were
as a kid and you
always had a watch or
there's no background story like
that. Well, I know my,
my first basic program on
a  a computer camp
was a ticking clock. So
there you go. No, I
don't feel so bad. Yeah.
Now there is a, a
blog post called common anti-patterns
in daytime for.net developers. And
I'll want to run through
those. I think this is
your blog. Yeah. So that
should be uncoated. matt.com. Yeah.
Code of Matt. So when
we talked about this, when
measuring human activity, right, you
always want to use UTC
now for your, for your
offsets, right? You never do
math with, with daytime.now. Exactly.
And if you do.net, we'll
get it wrong. When you
cross one of those daylight
saving time transitions, even though
it's got that date time
kind local, it doesn't pay
attention to it when it's
adding and subtracting time. Yup.
I've totally, totally had that
happen. You, you store something,
time goes back an hour
and then you suddenly get
weird results negative at times,
or all sorts of things
like that. Right. And then
using daytime.now for computational activity,
right? My recommendation there is
don't use daytime at all.
Donna has this really great
class called the stopwatch. It's
under the system diagnostics, namespace,
and this exposes a different
part of the hardware on
your computer, which is more
suited for measuring durations of
things. Anything that time you're
profiling some coat and saying,
I need to know how
long that took to run.
You really don't want to
introduce date, time, use a
stopwatch. It's much more liable.
And you mentioned Clock drift.
That seems like computers are
really fast and do all
sorts of amazing things, but
they still fall out of
time alignment. They do actually
align. Is that okay? Well,
because the way that drift
happens, I mean, yeah, drift
happens, but there's a bumper
sticker for you. The way
that that happens is the,
the oscillators on the computer
can only be precise to,
to a certain degree. And
in most cases, it's about
10 milliseconds. So a real
time clock when you call
the time.now on, on a
computer is only precise about
10 milliseconds, but that can
change over time. It will
go out of alignment. And
that just kind of happens
naturally, if you think about
relativity and the whole idea
that not everybody has the
same perspective of time, computers
are constantly trying to reconcile
that. And a lot of
it also just comes down
to the quality of, of
the actual components on the
motherboard. So yeah, there's, there's
routines in the operating system
to watch for the clock
drifting. And as it does,
it makes corrections for it.
Your third eye pattern basically
says, don't use the timezone
class. Like you just assist
them dot time zone, go
and do a search and
replace right now. You should
not be. Yeah. So when
you were looking at, or
when you were asking about
mistakes and the.net framework, this
was one of them, the
times on class was any
time zone, as long as
it's yours, you know, like
any color, as long as
it's black and not only
that, but it didn't actually
work with the times when
the system had properly. So
you may know that in
2007, the United States changed its
daylight, saving time rules, the
times and classes and aware
of that change. If you
pull out a date before,
then it'll still just use
the current set of rules.
Not only that, but it's
actually gone. When you look
at.net core, they decided not
to move forward with it.
And that's a good thing
because pretty much anything the
time zone class can do
the times on info class
can do better. Okay. So
time, time zone info is
kind of time zone edX.
It's the replacement, correct? We
should probably Mark time zone.
Yeah. I don't, I'm not
really sure what, what, the
reason they didn't do that,
but I do know that
it's been omitted from the
diner core. That's cool. That's
great. I'm actually heartened That
you are working on this
stuff for the doing, you
know, helping them and consulting
with them on the Danette
core. Yeah. Well, that's the
great thing about open source,
right? Yeah. So I work,
I do work for Microsoft.
I don't work for that
team and it's so great
that they have the ability
to accept input from me.
And as if I was
a member of the open
source community on this work,
which I Now, what is
the one about field validation?
So that's an interesting thing.
So a lot of applications
ask the user to enter
a time like this comes
up a lot during scheduling
appointments. So you may say,
well, what time is something
going to happen? And you
just accept that if it's
a date and it's a
time and it fits into
the class, that it's something
that I can work with.
But again, that goes back
to daylight saving time. So
if, like you said in
United States, in the spring, we
skip from two to three.
If I enter a time
of two 30, I probably
should prop up on the
UI. Hey, this time isn't
valid. You know, and likewise,
if I enter a time
of one 30 for the
fall transition, I should probably
say, Hey, you know, which
did you mean? Because there's
two, one 30 is on
this particular date. Yup. When
I tell my phone, like
set an alarm for seven
30, it's really smart. Like
if it's midnight, when I
do that, it assumes that
it's 7:30 AM. Right. But if
it's six in the evening,
it asks and to do
that is hard. It requires
willpower. It requires code and
emotional willpower as a, as
a, I can imagine them
having discussions about how we
can make sure that this
is, this is right for
the user to do the
same thing on a form
on a webpage would be
quite challenging. Well, do you
remember early on in the
history of, I think it
was the iPhone, there was
a problem with the, the
clock going off at the
wrong time of the day.
I made the news, there
was some big headlines about
it and people's clocks were,
were wrong. So what that
comes down to is, is
there's this kind of mainstream
understanding that you should always
store UTC and just work
with time zones at the
very last minute. Well, that
works great when you're recording
time, when you're working with
past or present, but when
you're dealing with future, you
can't do that because the
relationship between timezone and UTC
is up to the whim
of the governments. We can
change our minds. We can
say, well, DST is here
right now, but next month
it's going to be somewhere
else. And that does happen
all over the world. I
mean, the U S is
a little more pragmatic about
getting noticed, but in other
parts of the world, about
a dozen times a year
or so, there are updates
to the time zone rules
that these different places follow.
So you not only have
to take into account that,
Hey, if I schedule something
at 7:00 AM every day, it
needs to run at 7:00 AM
every day, not at 8:00 AM.
You know, once the DST
changes because I was recording
UST or UTC, but For
the windows 95 used to
take, but you know, big
changes in windows. I don't
know how windows changed itself,
but remember windows 95, windows
eight was constantly taking windows,
update things and patches for
new times on information. It's
still doing that today. Is
it, is windows doing that
today? Quietly? I guess I
don't see those showing up
in windows updated anymore. They're
not in your face. There
they are out there as
updates to the operating system.
It's not a secret. You
can go to microsoft.com/time, and
there's actually an RSS feed.
You can subscribe to that.
That shows them, they do
two cumulative updates a year
that go to everybody. They're
both towards the end of
the year, because that tends
to be when these updates
are centralized around, but there
are hotfixes that come out
all the time as necessary.
And sometimes those hotfixes only
get distributed to people that
are directly affected by these
times zones. And that in
itself can be a problem.
Like Russia changed their base
times. Last year, they got
rid of DST and shifted
everything down by an hour
and opened up two new
time zones. So this was
a big deal like ours,
2007 big deal. And those
went out as hot fixes
to the operating system, which
meant that for a time,
if you were scheduling an
appointment with somebody in Russia,
your time reflecting their time,
wasn't going to match up.
So you might be an
hour late or an hour
early to their phone call.
Now, since that's been pushed
out into a cumulative update,
we can hope that everybody
has it, but there are
some people that turn off
all windows updates and those
people are going to have
their clock sentencing. What a
mess. Yeah. I'm seeing here
that they added Bellaruse standard
time and changed Callum grad.
That's amazing. Yep. Kaliningrad rather
excuse me. Okay. So then
the, the final one, I'm
looking at your blog post
here after field validation was
reporting. And this was blows
my mind, assuming that all
days have 24 hours, right?
That's if I can't count
on that now, Matt, what
can I count on You?
You really can't people like
to aggregate things by day,
and then they look at
daily totals. Well, what happens
when you, all of a
sudden, you see one day
is significantly less or significantly
more than another, and you
think either you had a
bad day or you were
ultra successful, and that's not
necessarily the case. It just
may be that there were
23 hours on that day
or 25 hours on that
day. And I would probably
guess that I'm thinking about
all the reports that I've
written and reports that I
may have even just written
an Excel. I'm thinking that
that is an assumption that
we have all made. And
would that mean that we're
grabbing extra hours? Like when
it's really a 23 hour
a day, might we be
accidentally borrowing data from, you
know, the, the edge and
reaching into the next day
Possibly, but usually not usually
just your totals will be
short that day or for
that month or whatever, whatever
period you're looking at. And
you might wonder why it
is. Yeah. What about the
25 hour days? Are we
missing an hour in there
somewhere perhaps? Well, you're getting
that, that one o'clock hour,
twice, right? Because of the,
the, the spring forward or
the sorry, the fall back
daylight saving time transition. Well,
that would cause problems with
charts as well. Oh, you
could see a spike on,
at one o'clock on daylight
savings. Exactly. You'll see a
big spike. And again, this
comes down to how you
group your data. So if
you're grouping your data by
the UTC day, you're not
going to see this, but
most businesses want data group
by some time zone that
they consider important for their
business, some home time zone.
And when you're looking at
the local day and you
do groupings, you will see
spikes or dips for those
things. You can level them
out. You can average values
across the other days and,
and account for that to
level out your crafts. But
of course, when you do
that, you're, you're artificially leveling
out because there really aren't
24 hours in every local
day. Now you are actively
working on your own kind
of branch, your called core
effects, date and time with
some proposals for what you'd
like to see happen in
the.net core framework. Yeah. So
this is what I was
talking about earlier. So this
actually is being migrated over
to core effects lab under
the, the, the get hub
slash.net repository set. And so
cortex lab has several things
that are not guaranteed to
go into the next version
of.net, but things that are
being proposed. So originally I
built this out on my
own, in my own repository
and invited a few people
to come help. And then
when it reached a certain
point that on that team
said, sure, why don't you
move us over? And we
can all start looking at
it. That's very cool. Congratulations.
Thanks. And you also, I
want to make sure that
the listeners hear about this,
and I'm going to make
sure to put this in
the show notes, you have
a six plus hour long
course called Dayton time fundamentals.
I love that it's six
plus hours long and it's
just the fundamentals. Yeah. I
think I have an editing
problem. No, I think what
it is is that you're
being extremely clear and precise
and you're including all the
information that one would possibly
need to, to, to handle
this. If you're doing trading
or medical software or anything
really, I mean, anything at
all that touches a date
time. That means that if
you're not thinking about the
things we've talked about on
this podcast, you have bugs
that you don't know, you
have likely do. And likely
they're kind of bugs that
are going to wake you
up at two o'clock in
the morning when you'd rather
be sleeping. It's funny how
that works. They always seem
to be two o'clock in
the morning. Yeah. So yeah,
the, the Pluralsight course is
doing pretty well. I've gotten
some really great feedback and
it is a little bit
long, but I would encourage
you to, to at least
skim it and find the
pieces that are relevant to
your situation. I go deep
on.net and on JavaScript, but
I also cover Java PHP,
Python, a little bit of
Ruby, just to kind of
give a, an overview of
the ecosystem. And there, there
are some differences in different
languages and frameworks. Cool. So
I'm going to put your
site and note a time
and your five common daylight
savings times anti-patterns and make
sure that everyone checks out
the Pluralsight course, all in
the show notes. Thanks so
much for chatting with me
today. Thanks a lot. It's
been great. This has been
another episode of Hanselminutes and
we'll see you again next
week. .